general/elements-and-rarity.mdx, before:

---
title: Elements and Rarity
description: Every card has an attribute of element type and rarity.
---
- Using different elemental combinations and higher rarity cards will help you deal more damange to enemy bosses.
- There are 10 rarities `silver`, `gold`, `platinum`, `diamond`, `legend`, `divine`, `immortal`, `exclusive`, `ultimate` and `mythical`.
- Higher the rarity the more powerful the card gets.
<Note>Rarity is also know an 'Ranks'.</Note>
- Similarly, there are 11 elements `💧 water`, `🔥 fire`, `🍃 grass`, `⛰️ground`, `⚡ electric`, `❄ crystal`, `☢️ poison`,
`🌪 wind`, `🌙 dark`, `☀ light` and `✨ neutral`.

## What is Elemental Advantage?
- Having an elemental advantage over the enemy or opponent allows you to deal up to 3x more damage.
- See all elements that are effective against:
<div class="justify-center flex"><img src="../images/elements.png" alt="izzi-elements" width="350" /></div>
<Note>Elemental advantage is denoted by **Slightly Effective 1x**, **Effective 2x** and **Super Effective 3x**.</Note>

## What is the Max Level of a Rarity / Rank?
- Cards can be leveled up to a max level based on their rarity.
    - Silver - 50
    - Gold - 50
    - Platinum - 50
    - Diamond - 60
    - Legend - 60
    - Divine - 60
    - Immortal - 70
    - Exclusive - 70
    - Ultimate - 70 (Bonus level up to 80)
    - Mythical - 70 (Bonus level up to 80)

<Note>**Ultimate** and **Mythical** rarity cards can go beyond their max level when special conditions are met.</Note>

Commit message:

feat: added stars to ranks

general/elements-and-rarity.mdx, after:

---
title: Elements and Rarity
description: Every card has an attribute of element type and rarity.
---
- Using different elemental combinations and higher rarity cards will help you deal more damange to enemy bosses.
- There are 10 rarities `silver`, `gold`, `platinum`, `diamond`, `legend`, `divine`, `immortal`, `exclusive`, `ultimate` and `mythical`.
- Higher the rarity the more powerful the card gets.
<Note>Rarity is also know an 'Ranks'.</Note>
- Similarly, there are 11 elements `💧 water`, `🔥 fire`, `🍃 grass`, `⛰️ground`, `⚡ electric`, `❄ crystal`, `☢️ poison`,
`🌪 wind`, `🌙 dark`, `☀ light` and `✨ neutral`.

## What is Elemental Advantage?
- Having an elemental advantage over the enemy or opponent allows you to deal up to 3x more damage.
- See all elements that are effective against:
<div class="justify-center flex"><img src="../images/elements.png" alt="izzi-elements" width="350" /></div>
<Note>Elemental advantage is denoted by **Slightly Effective 1x**, **Effective 2x** and **Super Effective 3x**.</Note>

## What is the Max Level of a Rarity / Rank?
- Cards can be leveled up to a max level based on their rarity. (The stars represent the ranks).
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/bronze-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Silver - 50</div>
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/bronze-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/bronze-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Gold - 50</div>
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/bronze-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/bronze-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/bronze-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Platinum - 50</div>
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/silver-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Diamond - 60</div>
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/silver-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/silver-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Legend - 60</div>
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/silver-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/silver-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/silver-star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Divine - 60</div>
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Immortal - 70</div>
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Exclusive - 70</div>
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Ultimate - 70 (Bonus level up to 80)</div>
    - <div class="flex gap-1"> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> <img src="../images/star.png" width="24" class="m-0" /> Mythical - 70 (Bonus level up to 80)</div>

<Note>**Ultimate** and **Mythical** rarity cards can go beyond their max level when special conditions are met.</Note>
